# Fall 2019 Game Design — Assignment 1 (Drawing and Moving)

* **Do not edit this file.**  
* **Do not start this project until you have read these instructions carefully.**

## Introduction
This assignment is designed to get you to start working with some rudimentary game mechanics. You will create the skeleton of a living creature and move it around the canvas using the left, right, up, and down arrows of the keyboard.

## Before You Begin
1. Log in to GitHub.
2. Fork this repo(sitory). See [this video](http://code-warrior.github.io/tutorials/git/github/forking-and-cloning-at-the-github-web-site/) on how to carry out this step and step `3`.
3. Clone your fork, using either the web site or the GitHub Desktop client.
4. Checkout your personalized branch, the one with your name and GitHub user handle.

## The Rules
* Using Processing, open the `sketch` folder in this repo. Do all your work in this sketch and do not rename the folder or its containing `.pde` file.
* Create a canvas that is `640 × 400`.
* Design a creature that resembles a sentient being.
* Use one neutral (black, white, gr{e|a}y, brown, beige, bronze, cream) and one non-neutral color in the design of your creature.
* Pressing any of the arrow keys moves your creature by a factor of 1. You decide the definition of the factor. (`factor=4 pixels`; `factor=8 pixels`; etc.)
* Pressing non-arrow keys should be ignored.
* Make your creature point in only one direction, regardless of which of the four arrow keys is pressed.
* Holding any of the arrow keys should not do anything more than move your creature by a factor of 1.

## Due Date
⏰ **Wednesday, 25 September 2019, at 2:30 PM. 🚫 _No late work will be accepted._**

## Submission
Issue a pull request back into the original repo, the one from which your forked was created, before the deadline. [Look at these videos](http://code-warrior.github.io/tutorials/git/github/) for help on how to do so.

**Note**: This assignment may *only* be submitted via GitHub. 🚫 **_No other form of submission will be accepted_**.

## Grading
| Item                                            | Points |
|-------------------------------------------------|:------:|
| **Is canvas size correct**                      | `2`    |
| **Creature designed**                           | `45`   |
| **Are two colors used for creature**            | `2`    |
| **Do arrow keys work**                          | `45`   |
| **Are non-arrows keys ignored**                 | `2`    |
| **Does creature change orientation when moved** | `2`    |
| **Is key repeating ignored**                    | `2`    |


